A mother and a child plays together. The child is a it worried about going outside, and the mother helps him. Then they play and dance outside too. 
An "adult" triangle was teaching the "young" triangle to get out of the box
A big red triangle and a small black triangle dances in and out of an open square. The take turns in being in and out of the square, and in the end they dance together outside of it. 
Two triangles are dancing inside a square. I consider the triangles to be two mice - a baby mouse and a mother mouse. The mother mouse clearly does not want the baby mouse inside the square. Maybe this is because the baby mouse has been a bad mouse? Never the less, the mother mouse eventually pushes the baby mouse out of the room. However, after finding out how lonely the baby mouse becomes, she pushes the baby mouse back into the square. Maybe she couldn't live with the shame of having pushed her baby mouse out from a square. 
The video was about two paper planes - a mother and a child. It seems they have a nice relationship where they dance together and the mother pays a lot of attention to the child. However, the mother also wants the child to leave the "nest" or the square around the paper planes. So the mother shows the child how to exit it and the child copies it nervously. However, outside the "nest" they "celebrate" and join tips and dance together again. 
The small triangle blue didn't want to get out of the square, when the large red triangle wanted to. Both triangles were thriving inside the square, and the large triangle wanted them to thrive outside as well. The large triangle forced the small triangle out of the square, and the small triangle adapted, and they both ended up thriving outside the square as well.
The triangles were cirkeling around each other. Having a fight. the little triangle won and the big triangle was kicked out. 
In the video the two triangles were fighting, like brothers or sisters, over who could get the other one out of the square and in the end the little blue one gave up, but the big red one still wanted to fight, so it ran after it.
Two triangles are playing. In turn they push each other out of the box. Sometimes they turn around together, hold on to each other and spin around. 
The big red triangle and the small triangle start jumping a bit inside a almost full square, then they touch and move around in circle together. Afterwards the red triangle moves outside the square, back inside again and kind of pushes the small triangle outside too, where they in the end jump a bit together again, then touch and move around in circles again. 
The story is centered around a little and a bigger triangle. At first it seems like they are playing inside a cointainer by forming a hourglass and turning around themselves. Later it becomes apparent that it's the bigger triangles which tries to pull the smaller out of the container, however it is first successful in doing so when it pushes the little triangle instead :)
Two triangles rotating around each other like they are dancing. There is a big red one and a little blue one. They are inside a square. The red triangle wants to get out of the square but the blue doesn't follow. The red triangle goes back into the square to chase the blue one out. In the end the red triangle manage to trick the blue triangle out of the square and quickly blocks the way back in. When the blue triangle gives up getting back in the square they are dancing again.
The Mother triangle and the child triangle was happy in the house and then the mother wanted the child to go outside, but the child didn't want to! then the mother hat to force the child outside and block the entrance. In the end they where happy outside 
The two triangles didn't know if they were good for each other. The big red one wanted the little one to go with it out of the house and into the world, but the little one was confused but in the end finally they ran away together in love
In the video there was two triangles, one big and red and another smaller and blue. It seemed like in the video that they performed some kind of weird dance or maybe a fight. It could have been that when they span around each other, they were nose to nose and tried to spin one of them out of the "box" that they were in. First the red triangle left the box, but came back and was attacked by the blue triangle. The blue triangle was later pushed out after a dance, and the red triangle blocked the entrance to the box. It ended up with the triangles fighting outside the box.
A small black triangle and a big red one were in some kind of room (square), the red seemed to try encourage a small triangle to go out of the safe room to investigate surroundings, what in the end of the video succeeded.  During the video triangles touch each other and play around, just as if they were a mom and a child.
The smaller triangle wanted to keep the bigger triangle inside the square. Since the bigger triangle wanted to get out, they struggled a bit. Eventually, the bigger triangle forced the smaller one out and blocked the entrance. Out of the square they struggled a bit further.
The red and the blue triangle start in the square. they move around each other and then attach themselves to each other and circle around. they detach and the red triangle move outside the square. it then pushes the blue triangle out of the square and block the entrance. then they attach again outside the square and circle around.  
Two triangles in a box with one opening. A big red one and a small blue one. At one point they are joined and starts spinning. Later the big triangle pushes the small one out of the box and blocks the entrance. It then joins the small one and they start spinning again.
Two triangles were inside of a square. First they circled around each other and then they hold themselves with one corner and were rotating in circles. Afterwards the small one forced the big one out of the square but he came back so the small one wanted to get out but the big one hold him but he managed to escape. In the end they both met outside and performed again the dance with holding each other with one corner.
The big red triangle and the small black triangle were together inside the square playing. The big triangle went outside without the small one. When the small triangle didn't follow it went back inside to try and get the small triangle, but couldn't get it to follow. It then went back inside to persuade the small triangle to follow. The small triangle was pushed outside by the big triangle. They stayed outside together and started playing.
The big red triangle wanted to get the little black triangle out of some kind of room. In the end it succeeded.
To triangles move up and down and spins together (have a good time). The big triangle leaves the square (safe place), the small triangle shakes (nerveus). The big triangles helps the small triangle to get out of the square as well. The small triangle moves around outside (explore the unknown). They spin together in the end (have fun). 
Parent (the big triangle) plays with the child (small triangle) inside the house. Then the parent goes out and wants the child to follow him. However, the child seems to be afraid of the outside world and does not want to come along. The parent eventually pushes the child outside, and after taking a look, the child discovers that it's not that bad after all. They play (dance) again.
The small triangle wants to stay in the circle, but the bigger one pushes it out.  
The triangles reminded me of birds, the big triangle tried to convince the little one to go out, but the little one  didn't want to, like little birds don't want to leave their nest for the first time in their lives. When the little one finally went out, they were "flying" together happily.
There are two triangles, one small and one larger, inside a square. These are possibly representing a parent and a child. The square has a gap, so it is possible to get in and out. It looks as if the little one is frightened to go out of the square. The larger one tries to get the little one out, by leaving the square, even though the little one is trying to hold on to it. By going outside the square the larger triangle is showing that it isn't dangerous. At last it pushes the little one out, and blocks the gap so the little one can't get back in. And then they're either arguing or dancing... 
The two triangles is helping each other to get out of the square.
The big triangle tried to get the small triangle out of the box.
The two triangles were kind of playing a game. The kept circleing around each other but they also kind of pushed each other out of where they were playing
The big triangle pushed the small triangle out of the box, because the little triangle couldn't get out be it self.
The two triangles are fighting and the big one breaks the wall of the square, so it can push out the little triangle and it wont let the little triangle in again
the triangles had a fight
Two triangles move around. One is a small black one and the other is a big red one. They start off in some kind of square in an opening. It seems like there is some kind of story going on. Sometimes the triangles seem to play with each other. The large red triangle could be a picture on a mother and the small one on a child. Then it would seem like the mother triangle is trying to help the child leave the enclosure.
The little triangle is scared or nervous to go outside the square. The big triangle, which I think is the mother of the little triangle, is trying to help it get out. First she is showing it how it is, and that it is not dangerous, then she goes back inside and try to drag and push the little triangle out. They go around, forth and back a couple of times, and finally the little triangle goes out of the square. It looks like they are happy and dancing when they get out. 
The big triangle wanted to go outside the box with the little triangle. However the little triangle was scared and tried to avoid getting out of the box. Finally the big triangle forced the little triangle out and made sure it could not go back in the box.
The big red triangle tried to get the small black triangle out of the door. The black one didn't want to tried to get them both to stay inside. They did many small 'dances' around each other, but in the end the red triangle pushed the black one out and blocked the door.
The big red triangle tried to get the small black triangle out of the door. The black one didn't want to tried to get them both to stay inside. They did many small 'dances' around each other, but in the end the red triangle pushed the black one out and blocked the door.
The two triangles were interacting with each other both within and outside of a square with one side that has an opening. At the start, the small triangle navigates around the large one, and then they connect the their points and spin around. The large triangle then exits the square, and then returns. The triangle spin together again, after which the large triangle seems to try and manipulate and push the small triangle out of the square. It seems as though the small triangle was almost annoying or harassing the large triangle, or that they were playing together. 
There are two triangles in an open square, one big red triangle and one small black triangle. It seems as they try to pull or push each other out of the open square. First the small black triangle got the big red triangle out of the square, but it re-enters. In the end the big red triangle get the small one out and blocks the "opening" to the square. 
A mother and a child jumping together in the yard - playing. Jumping like rabbits. 
The young triangle was imitating the adult triangle, got caught, and ran away
A big red triangle moves around in a square. It blinks. A little black triangle comes and follows it around, also blinking. Sometimes the triangles turn towards each other before going back to the pattern of moving. In the end the small black triangle vanishes from the square.
Two triangles - or mice - are playing a game. Or at least the baby mouse thinks that they are. He's following his mother mouse around, unaware of the fact that he's being a total douche. The mom does not like to play. When she finds out that the baby mouse is following her, she shouts and scolds at him. Poor baby mouse. 
The mother paper plane is doing some kind of ritual/dance that the child paper plane observes and wants to copy. So the child follows the mother without her knowing it, however, the mother can maybe feel the child's presence and turns around and the child stops copying. Almost like the child was mocking the mother. The mother turns around and continues the dance ritual, and after getting suspicious one more time and afterwards continuing the ritual, she finally turns around to see the child copying/mocking her. She gets angry and the child storms out of the screen. 
The large red triangle was taking a walk. The little blue triangle saw this and started following, tiptoeing behind the large triangle, following closely. Everytime the large triangle would look around, it would see that the small triangle was there, but in the mean time, the small triangle would have turned away, and not appear to follow the big triangle on its walk. The large triangle turns a few time, and it happens repeatedly.
The little black triangle follows the big red triangle around in the box. It does the same things as the red triangle. Maybe it think's the red triangle is pretty awesome. At one point it accidently hits the red triangle, but it just looks away when the red triangle looked back, so the red triangle didn't notice. Second time the black triangle hits the red triangle, the red triangle got mad, and the black triangle ran away.
The little triangle were trying to hide just behind the big triangle. every time the big triangle turned around it scolded the little triangle. at some point the big triangle got tired of it, and was very mad, which made the little triangle sad
First there is a red triangle "walking" around. Then the blue triangle appear and it starts following the red triangle. Almost like a baby following its mother. In the end the red triangle turns against the blue one, and it looks like the blue triangle is running away. 
The video starts with the red triangle to kind of "jump" from one side to the other inside the square. The small triangle moves inside the square and "jump" follows the big triangle around. Sometimes the big triangle turnes a bit around, pointy end towards the small triangle, then it turnes back around to its normal position and "jump" further on. The small triangle follows the big triangle until the end, where it moves away from the big triangle across the square and outside of it. 
Firstly we see the larger triangle strolling at the bottom. Suddently the little triangles enters the picture and starts following the larger triangle. The larger triangle eventually turns around and ask the little triangle something like, "why this following???". No answer is given and the little triangle keep following until the larger turn again and asks same question (this pattern is repated a couple of times). In the end the little triangle decides to run away when it's confronted with its obsessive behavior..
The red triangle is walking strolling around. The blue triangle sneaks behind the red triangle and is following it without it noticing. Suddenly the red triangle turns around and the blue triangle immediately stands still like nothing happened and like it never followed the red triangle. This goes on for a while until the red triangle gets mad and scares the blue triangle away
The red triangle was moving around the space. the blue triangle came from outside the picture and followed behind the red triangle. a couple of times the red triangle turned around but then the blue also turned as if it wasn't followed. in the end the red turned and cought the blue in the act and got angry or something. then the blue went away.
The big red triangle was taking a walk and the little one decided to play a game and started following the big one. But every time the big one turned to look what was behind it the little one pretended it was doing something completely else. When the big one discovered what was going on it got mad and started shouting which made the little one scared and ran away.
This movie seems much more like a stop motion video. In the start only the red triangle is on the screen, and then the blue enters. It shakes, like it is angry and then follows the red triangle. The red triangle appears to be unable to see the blue triangle, even when it turns around, making it seem like its eyes are placed in that corner of the triangle. The red triangle goes to fast and hits the red triangle, which seems to make the red triangle angry and now it sees the blue triangle. Hereafter the blue triangle flees.
A small triangle chases the bigger one, while the big triangle doesn't see that. The big triangle doesn't want the small one to follow it and is a bit suspecious about the small triangle. Once the small triangle touches the big one, the small one is "running" away and a big one seems to anxiously follow it.
The bigger triangle enters the screen from the left. It appears to be doing some sort of rhythmic movement, like a dance. The smaller triangle then enters from the bottom of the screen and quickly notices the bigger triangle. It rushes up behind it and starts imitating the rhythmic movement. They move around the screen and when the bigger triangle looks back at the smaller triangle, it looks away as if it did not do anything (assumed the pointy end of the triangle is equivalent to the face). Finally, the bigger triangle discovered the smaller triangle. Then the smaller triangle rushed away after what appeared to be some sort of interaction. 
"The red triangle enters the square from the left side then move around the square. the blue triangle enter from the lower side and then begins to follows the red triangle around. every now and then the red triangle turns to see if the blue triangle follows it - but the blue one just ""looks"" away. 
at one point the blue triangle hits the red one, and the red one turns and yells at it. after that, they both leave the square. "
The box is now gone and the red triangle moves along the sides. When it gets to the corner the blue one gets in the picture and follows the red one. Two corners ahead they spin 180 degrees but spin back again and continue in the same direction. They do this one more time and in the end the blue triangle goes out to the left
First there appears a big triangle that is pulsing and flying. Then a smaller triangle appears and begins to chase the big one. After a moment the big triangle finds out that he is being chased and turns to the small triangle and seems to be angry about him. Then he turns back and flies again and also the small triangle starts to follow him again. Soon the big one again turns to the small one and it seems to me that he really does not want to be followed. Then he flies into the opposite corner and they appear to be fighting. The small triangle wins and flies away while the big one stays on the place and is just pulsing.
The big red triangle it moving around alongside the space. The small black triangle is following it. When the big triangle turns around the small triangle stops and stands still as if it wasn't following the big triangle. When the big triangle turns around for the third time it sees the small triangle following it. It seems to be protesting and the small triangle leaves the space.
The big red triangle was going around in a room. Then the little black triangle appeared and started to follow the big red one. The big triangle turned around three times, the third time it sent the little triangle away. The little triangle went away, offended.
The triangles moved around, the big in front the small behind. When the small bump into the big, the big turns around suddenly (angry?). At the end the small run of through the left wall.
The adult is walking (or jumping) around. Then comes the child and starts to follow and to imitate the adult. When the adult turns around, the child pretends that nothing is happening. At the end, the adult finally catches the child, and the child runs away. 
The big triangle is moving about, like it was walking in a bumpy kind of way. The small triangle gets excited and jumps in behind the big one, and copies the way it walks. The big one stops and looks back, but the small one stops and pretends it wasn't doing anything. This happens few more times, eventually the big triangle stops and yells at the small one, making the small one run off in a huff.
The red triangle walked in peace when suddenly a blue triangle appeared and started to follow it. The blue triangle didn't want to be noticed while following the red one, but the red one noticed it. When this occurred, the blue one acted like it was just walking around and it was by chance that it was behind the red one. Then the red one finally turned so suddenly that the blue had no time to disguise that it was following the red one. The red one got angry, and shouted to the blue one to go away. The blue one ran away.
First, the larger triangle is jumping. Then the little one joins in. When the larger one turns around looking, the little one turns away, as if there is nothing going on. The little one keeps imitating the larger one, and at one point hits the larger one. The larger triangle turns around and starts moving the 'pointy end' from left to right, as if it's saying 'no!'. Once again the little one imitates, moving from left to right, and then leaves. 
The small triangle is following the big triangle, but each time the big triangle turns around to see if anyone is chasing it, the small triangle turns away and stand still. 
The small triangle follows the big triangle. The big triangle doesn't know in the beginning, but as they move around it notices. In the end it tells the small triangle to stop.
The two triangles were following each other. and one got annoyed by the other
The small triangle tries to touch the larger triangle. They are both sort of "blinking". In the end the small touched the larger and the smaller fly out of the box/arena.
The little triangle is shadowing and following the big triangle. The big one is turning around sometimes because it is aware of something is happening behind him. The two first times he did'nt notice anything but the last time the little triangle mistakely run into the big one and then it is running away.  
The small triangle was shadowing the big one and got caught in the end and then it just ran away. 
There is two triangles. A big red one a and small black one. The red triangle is moving around and the little black triangle seem to be following the big one. When the big one has moved a certain distance it seems like it is turning around and "looking" at the small triangle which looks away. This happens a couple of times. The last time it seems like the big triangle "yells" at the small triangle which then "leaves"
The big triangle is jumping around the square. The little triangle is teasing the big one, by following after right after it. But every time the big triangle turns around to look, the little triangle looks away pretending nothing is happening. Then finally the big triangle catches the little one in following it, and the little triangle quickly runs away. 
The little triangle followed the big triangle. When the big triangle turned around the little triangle stopped. This repeated itself until the little triangle left. 
The black triangle followed the red one around the room. The black triangle didn't want the red one to know it was being followed, so whenever the red one turned around, the black one looked the other way. When the red one started moving again, so did the black. In the end red triangle catches the black one imitating it, and the black one runs away.
The black triangle followed the red one around the room. The black triangle didn't want the red one to know it was being followed, so whenever the red one turned around, the black one looked the other way. When the red one started moving again, so did the black. In the end red triangle catches the black one imitating it, and the black one runs away.
In this video the large red triangle appears to be navigating in a relaxed manner around the screen following the rectangular formation. As the red triangle moves further up, the small triangle appears in the bottom of the screen and starts following behind the large triangle. The small triangle appears to be ghosting the red triangle, and having fun teasing it. Occasionally, the red triangle will stop, and turn around to look behind it, in which the small triangle freezes, so as not to give itself away. This continues until the large red triangle catches the small triangle in the act, in which the small triangle promptly scatters away off the screen. 
A big red triangle is kind of making small jumps inside a big square. It goes counter clockwise around in the big square. A small black triangle enters the big square and starts following the big red triangle. It seems to be kind of a game for the small black triangle. Every time the big red triangle stops and turns against the small black triangle, the small one "looks away". This keep on happening. In the end the big red triangle turns towards the small black triangle and seem to "yell" at it. The small black triangle seems to get scared and hurries out of the picture. 
The big triangle, mother, put the little triangle, child, in the house. She is angry. The child seems scared. Then he manipulates the mother, by being nice to her, and she feels bad. They make up, and she goes to the corner with him. He then escapes from the house, and she runs after him, but can't see him. She is furious but also afraid. 
The young triangle got in trouble, got blocked in a room, seduced the adult triangle, and fled when given the chance, leaving the adult triangle alone
A big red triangle and a small black triangle are outside an open square. The red triangle pushes the black triangle into the square and puts itself in the hole in the open square, so the black one cannot get out. The black one tries to get out. Then it gets the red one to come inside the square and then it is able to get out of the hole. It then vanishes from the picture. 
Mother mouse is very disappointed in baby mouse, and therefore she locks it up. The baby mouse is completely incapable of escaping. Maybe he's been a very bad mouse. The baby mouse starts crying, and the mother comes to see it, but once she does that, she is tricked, and the baby mouse escapes the room. Bewildered, she follows after, only to be unable to find the baby mouse. 
It looks like the mother and child paper plane have had an argument and that the mother wants the child to go back to his room/the "nest". So she forces him there but he wants to exit again, however, she won't let him. The child starts tickling the mother, which doesn't help the situation. She just gets more angry and the child returns to looking into the corner of the "nest". When the mother goes to the child, presumably to talk with him about their argument, maybe to resolve it, the child somehow escapes the "nest" and the screen and the mother is confused, looking for him. 
The large red triangle forces the small blue triangle inside the circle. The small triangle is not satisfied about it. It tries to soften up the large triangle, as it is blocking the entrance/exit to the square, by trying to get it to move. The small triangle is successful, and as soon as opportunity shows itself, it hurries out the square and out of the picture. The large triangle notices and hurries outside to look for the small triangle, but it is nowhere to be found.
A big red triangle captures a small black triangle in a box. The black triangle tries to push the red triangle away from the opening, but it didn't succed. Then the black triangle manage to trick the red triangle, and the red triangle moves. After that the black triangle ran away.
The big triangle tries to keep the little one inside the square, and it succeed until the little triangle starts to tickle the big one. then they fight for a while, but suddenly the little triangle starts to cry, and the big some comes to comfort it, but it was fake try and that way the little triangle escaped the square
It looks like the red triangle captures the blue triangle in the box and then the red triangle is blocking the door. The blue triangle tries to get out first by poking/running into the red triangle. Then the blue triangle moves back and forward in front of the red triangle and then it gets out of the box. Then it looks like the blue triangle takes the red one into the box. Go move around a little, and the blue disappears out of the picture. 
The triangles start outside of the not completely closed square. The small triangle moves inside the square, and the big one blocks the entrance/exit of the square, so the small one can't get out again. In the end the small gets out, and moves outside of the picture.  
The container is back! This time the larger triangle pushes the smaller into it and guards the entrance to the cointer so that the smaller triangle can't escape. However, stupid as the larger triangle is it gets tricked into entering the container itself, thus making it possible for the smaller triangle to escape. Best part is that the larger triangle doesn't even see where the smaller triangle goes so it's left in confusion, stupid as it is.
The red triangle tricks the blue into the square and blocks the way out. The blue triangle is scared and helpless. Eventually the blue triangle starts to stroke the red triangle with its tip.This works and the red triangle goes into the square to scare the blue triangle so that it will stop. The blue triangle quickly runs out of the square. The red follows bit cannot find the blue and eventually gives up
The mother triangle put the child triangle inside and blocked the entrance because it had been behaving badly. Then the child was trying to get out but in the end it cuddled with the mother and made her come inside. in the end the child ran out and away
In this video they had an argument. The big one wanted the little one to stay inside and sort of blocked the door to keep the little one from going out. At one point the big one left the door to make things well with the little one and the little one ran away leaving the big one sad and confused.
In this video the triangles seem to be fighting about who should be inside the box. At first they are outside, but the red triangle pushed the blue into the box, and covers the entrance so that it cannot flee. The blue triangle does not have the mass and strength to build up enough force to make the red triangle budge and gets really frustrated. However, the blue triangle comes up with a good idea and tickles the red triangle, until it moves. They then fight a little inside the box and the blue triangle flees all the way out of the screen. The red triangle goes out and looks for it and seems to become frustrated/start shaking, when the blue triangle is nowhere to be seen.
The big triangle doesn't want to let the small one out. The small triangle tries hard and in the end of the video escapes from the small safe room. The big one seems to lose the small one from the vision field and looks around tring to find it.
The bigger triangle caught the smaller one inside the square in the middle of the screen. It blocked the way out, which made the smaller triangle attack the bigger one. After a few hits it switched strategy and seemed to have a more gentle approach to the bigger triangle. Eventually the bigger triangle got inside the square itself, as it seemed that the smaller triangle was crying in the corner. Afterwards, the smaller triangle rushed outside of the square and left the bigger one tricked and confused. 
the red triangle threw the blue one in the square and blocks the exit, so it cannot come out. the blue one then lures the red triangle inside the square and then escapes. 
The red triangle pushes the blue one into the box which is now back. The blue one tries to get out but the red is blocking the way. The red one pushes the blue further into the box but the blue gets past it, goes out the box and disappears from the picture. The red one goes out as well and starts spinning.
First the big triangle is forcing a small triangle into the square but apparently the small one does not want to go there. But he loses the fight and is imprisoned inside and the big triangle is guarding the entrance. The small triangle is trying to escape but the entrance is fully blocked by the guardian. So he goes to the corner is thinks about what to do next. He comes to the guardian and tickles him and lurks him to go inside the square. When the guardian is inside the small triangle escapes. The video ends with big triangle outside the square where he is looking around where could the prisoner escape and seems to be confused about it.
The big red triangle pushed the small black triangle inside the square. The small triangle is now inside the square and cannot get out because the big triangle is blocking the opening. The small triangle pulls the big triangle inside the square, thus being able to get around it and get out. The big triangle follows the small triangle outside as it escapes, but the small triangle is already gone.
The big red triangle pushed the little black one inside the same room they were at the beginning. The little triangle tried to get out, but the big one did not allow it. Then the little triangle managed the get the big one inside the box, and then managed to escape the room. Then the big one went out, looking for the little one, but couldn't find it.
The big triangle move the small into the box. The small one tries to get out, but the big one blogs the way. The small triangle stroke the big one (giggles?) - the are tip to tip (happy?). The small one disappears. The big one is confused - searches for it.
The parent pushes the child back to the house - maybe it's too late and time to go home. The child however doesn't want to go home yet and tries to sneak out, while the parent is blocking the door. The child tries another strategy and calls the parent or pretends to be scared - just something to get attention. The parent runs to the child, who then quickly runs out of the house. The parent realizes that, runs out too and looks for the child. The parent looks startled. 
The big triangle traps the small one in a box. The little triangle tries to escape, by pushing the big one out of its way. This does nothing. It then tickles the big one, distracting the big one from its purpose. The little one goes and sits in a corner, which sends the big one to investigate (I mean, it could all seem a bit rapey, and the big one goes to have fun times with the small one, but let's pretend that's not the case!) - it investigates, the little one then runs away and out of the prison.
The big triangle captured the little one in a house, the little one tried to get out, but could not escape, until it tricked the big one with showing it something in one of the corners of the house. The little one managed to escape and when the big one realized that it was tricked, it was too late, the little one already had vanished. 
The larger triangle pushes the little one in to the square again. The small one gets angry and tries to push his way back out. The larger one blocks the gap and the small one tries another strategy. It looks as if it tickles the larger one.
The big triangle is chasing the small triangle into the square. It will not let the small triangle out of the square again so the small triangle tries to tickle the big triangle so it moves so the small triangle can run out of the square. 
This time the big triangle tries to get the small triangle inside the box. It succeeds in the beginning, but suddenly the small triangle escapes because the big triangle goes into the box. Afterwards the big triangle cant find the small triangle.
The big triangle traps the little one inside the little square. The little try to get out. but can't. In the end it fools the big one and gets out of the square
The smaller triangle tries to get out of the smaller box with an opening in the middle. However, the big triangle bloks the way. The big triangle it really stupid and goes into the box, and the small one gets out.
The big triangle cought the little triangle in the square. Now, the little triangle tryes to break out of the square but cant. finally, the little triangle is trying to be nice and are friendly to the big one and then the big one is unaware of his goal of keep the little triangle in the box, and then the little triangle flees out of its cage,
The small triangle was held as a hostage by the big red triangle. The small triangle was trying to escape but didn't seem to succeed in that but then they got into a fight and somehow the small triangle was able to runaway. 
The big red triangle pushes the small black triangle into the square and seals the exit. The black triangle tries to force its way out but is unsuccesfull. The it seems like it is stroking the red triangle which then leads to the red triangle removing the blockage. The black triangle then 'escapes'
The big triangle is trying to keep the little triangle inside the square, by covering the exit. The little one is trying to get out, by pushing the big triangle. Finally the little one cheats the big one. It goes into a corner and pretend it is crying, so the big triangle comes to calm it down. Then the little triangle quickly run out. The big one follows and looks for the little one, but it can't find it. 
the big triangle pushed the little one into the box and blocked its way so it could not get out. finally the little triangle got out and left the screen.
The triangles started out in the bottom looking like they were making out. The black triangle rushed into the house-like square and tried to get the red one to follow it. The red triangle stood in the door for a long time, but after caressing it, it came in. As soon as the red triangle came in, the black one bolted off. The red one moved out the square and looked around confused, trying to find the black one.
The triangles started out in the bottom looking like they were making out. The black triangle rushed into the house-like square and tried to get the red one to follow it. The red triangle stood in the door for a long time, but after caressing it, it came in. As soon as the red triangle came in, the black one bolted off. The red one moved out the square and looked around confused, trying to find the black one.
In this video the large triangles seems to want to contain the small triangle within the square cage. Initially, both triangles are outside the square, but the large triangle pushes the small one in, and then blocks the entrance. The small triangle seems initially despondent, hiding in the corner, and trying to push its way out. Afterwards, it seems to tickle or annoy the large triangle enough o that it moves within the square cage, trying to push the small triangle back into a corner. However, the small triangle navigated around it, and escapes out of the square and out of the screen. The red triangle moves out of the square, looking for the small triangle, but after turing around a few times, seems to realise it lost it. 
An open square is placed in the center of the picture. A small black triangle and a big red triangle is placed in the bottom right corner of the picture. It seems as the small triangle is holding the big red triangle. Suddenly, the big red triangle "pushes" the small black triangle hard into the open square, whereafter it blocks the opening to the square. The small black triangle seems to panic and wanting to get out, so it comes close to the red triangle. Hereafter the small black triangle goes to a corner inside the open square. The red one follows it, and finally the small black square hurries out of the square and out of the picture. The big red triangle exits the open square and seems to be "confused" of there the little black triangle is. 
