A game, maybe. Or dead beings, being hurled around by the wind. Someone unconscious maybe, being hurled around, back and forth.  
The adult and young triangle were bouncing off the walls and disappeared
A big red triangle and a little black triangle move around above and below an open square. They move from side to side repeatedly and in the end the move out of the picture.
Two triangles - or mice - are dancing a new dance. In this dance, the mice jumps from side to side. Every time the mother hits the side, she turns herself a bit clockwise. Every time the baby his the side, it turns itself a bit counterclockwise. This continues on and on. 
The mother and child paper plane bounce on the walls outside the square. They're playing some game and enjoying themselves. Maybe the mother is teaching the child how to play. They keep bouncing back and forth kind of like that DVD screensaver logo, where it bounces from side to side and you want it to hit the corner but it never does. In the end they float out of the screen through the wall they were previously bouncing upon. 
The triangles chased each other.
Two triangles. A big and a small one. They didn't have control over their movements, so they just floated randomly around in the box. 
The two triangles were bouncing of the wall from one to another over and over again
Two triangles: a big red one, and a smaller blue one. They go from each side of the screen back and forward. The red triangle is in the bottom, and the blue on in the top. In the end of the video they both fly outside the screen/picture
Both of the triangles are in this video outside of the square. The small one in the top of the screen, and the big red triangle in the bottom. They both just move from side to side throughout the video. 
The little triangle was above the container where it was floating freely from one side to the other side rather randomly - and peacefully. The larger triangle expressed same movement below the cointainer. The movement between the two aren't synchronic.
"The blue and the red triangle are outside the square.
The blue in the top of the frame and the red in the bottom. The are bouncing from side to side. 
The speed of their bouncing vary a bit from slow to fast. 
In the end both triangles bounce out of the picture at the same time in the right side of the picture and fade away"
two triangles where bouncing of the sides rotating a bit sometimes. the blue small triangel was in the top and the red triangle was on the bottom. in the middle was i square with a hole. the triangles never went to the other side of the square. in the end they moved out of the frame of the video.
This was very weird. At first i was thinking that the two triangles couldn't find each other, but then i started thinking that they weren't actually trying two. It started to seem like they tried to avoid one another. Or they were simple lost - As if i could see their little world but they could not. 
The two same triangles from the last video are in this one as well. However they seemed to have lost their freedom of movement and they are just spinning and every time they hit a wall, they bounce back. It seems like the goal could still be to get into to the box, but in the end they speed up and exit the screen
The same triangles as in the first video represented objects hitting the walls of the space in video, and thus didn't seem alive and didn't have any kind of relationship. Triangles moved in the similar way, but in different parts of the space with a little delay.
The triangles both bounced from one side to the other. The smaller triangle was above the square and the bigger triangle was under the square. They did not move towards anything, but simply change direction according to their "bump" one the side. Neither of the triangles seemed to have any intended action like in the first video.
The two triangles are inside a large square. they bounce back and forth between the left and the right sides. the blue in the upper half and the red in the lower half.
The blue triangle is now to the back of the box and the red one is in front of it. They move back and forth horizontally never leaving their own path. Every time they hit the side they go back and rotate on their own axis one move at a time. The red one rotates clockwise and the blue one anti clockwise
There is a square in the middle and above it is a small triangle flying from wall to wall and bouncing from them. Most of the time he just let himselv bounce from the wall randomly but sometimes he corrects his direction with a small rotation. Under the square is a bigger triangle that is doing the same as the smaller one but he does not try to control his direction. At the beginning it seems that the smaller triangle is trying to mimic the trajectory of the bigger one but towards the end he gives up and is flying randomly.
The small triangle is moving from side to side above the square while the big triangle is doing the same below the square. They are following each others movements.
The two triangles was jumping between two walls of a room in parallel, but outside the previous room. At the end of the video, they crossed the right wall of the box.
The triangles move right and left. They bump into the walls (are constricted). At the end they move through the right side wall. 
We can say that it's the parent (big triangle) with the child (small triangle) again. They are playing outside, running from one side to another and competing to find out who is faster. 
The two triangles bounces back and forth from one end of the big square to the other. The small triangle bounces about up in the top half, the big one in the lower half.
The two triangles were hitting the sides of the square from the inside, it seemed like they maybe wanted to get in the rectangle in the middle, but they could not hit the sides of the square in the right angle, so they could not get in through the little door on the rectangle. (They could only move in the direction the collision sent them, like balls thrown to the wall.)The big triangle finally decided to stop trying and left the square.
By their movements there seems to be no gravity, just bouncing from one end to another. It looks as if they're enjoying being outside the 'square' as they were in the first video. Perhaps they are playing.
What just happend?
The triangles bounced from side to side.
The two triangles are bouncing back and forth in the square. They have no power of where their movements are going
The two triangles drifted from side to side above and under over the box in the middle. Super random...
the two triangles are bouncing from left to right and right to left through the video. They are pointing in different directions and at last they are disappearing out of the picture
The triangles were bouncing from one side of the space to another. 
There are two triangles. A big one and a small one. The triangles move from side to side. When they hit the wall they alter their orientation. They stay on their side of the screen. In the middle there is an incomplete square which seem to have no important role in the video as it doesn't affect the triangles movement.
Both the little and the big triangle are sliding from side to side in the square. It looks like they are playing, and the small triangle is imitating the big one. 
the triangle moved from side to side on each side of the box. Every time they hit a wall they changed direction until they went trough the wall.
The two triangles were moving from one end of the room to the other on opposite sides of the square in the middle. They might have been racing each other. The red triangle was the fastest.
The two triangles were moving from one end of the room to the other on opposite sides of the square in the middle. They might have been racing each other. The red triangle was the fastest.
In this video the triangles stay relatively parallel from each other, on either side of the square with the opening. Both triangles are navigating horizontally from side to side, never touching one another. The small triangle is at the top, and the large triangle is underneath the square in the middle. The small triangle also moves slightly faster than the large triangle. The triangles hit the corners and edges of the screen at different angles, so they seem to bounce off the walls, but they do not navigate in extreme angles. 
There is an open square in the center of the picture. In the upper part of the picture, a small black triangle bounces from side to side, and in the lower part of the picture a big red triangle bounces from side to side. In both cases, the bouncing seems rather random and uncontrollable. In the end of the video they both keep on going and exit the picture in the right side. 
Nothing. Random movement, no emotions. 
The two triangles are a screen-saver
A big red triangle and a small black triangle floats around in a square. When they hit the side of the square they change direction depending on the angle. They never touch each other. In the end one of them vanishes from the square.
This time, the baby mouse is once again following its mother around. It does not want to be alone. But it's slightly different this way. It's as if the two mice are just bouncing around endlessly, without ever crossing each others paths. And each time they hit one of the sides, they turn a little. 
The mother and child paper plane bounces upon the walls again but this time not back and forth but more randomly, and exactly like the DVD logo I mentioned earlier. Only here there are two items/triangles/paper planes that bounce and sometimes they're pretty close to hitting each other and other times they bounce far away from each other. In the end they both float out of the screen through the walls they have been bouncing upon. 
A small blue triangle and a large red triangle is floating around, seemingly without purpose, in a large square.
Two triangles moves randomly around in a square
The two triangles are looking for each other, but can't seem to find the other one, even though they goes right past each other at some points
The red and blue triangle moves around from one edge to the other edge in a random pattern. They never touch/hit each other. 
Both of the triangles move between all the sides of the square, randomly, and they never touch each other. 
The two triangles are floating freely in space without a sense of direction (they aren't pointing towards where they are going). Hopefully, they are listening to some calm music meanwhile.. 
Both triangles are bouncing around in the screen from edge to edge. The triangles turn a bit everytime they hit a edge
the two triangles randomly bouncing off walls in a square space. 
The two triangles were floating around without paying attention to each other. This video was weird. As if there was no connection between the two
In this video the two triangles again just float around with no free will. They bounce of the wall, every time they hit one. However the bouncing does not comply with the laws of physics. It seems to take place a little randomly. More than once the triangles are about to hit each other, but they never do.
Triangles moved randomly in the space hitting the walls. Again, no relationship between triangle, no human/animal-like behavior.
The triangles bounced around in the screen. They both did not seem to have any intention with their action. There was no square in the middle of the screen and both triangles were fully allowed to move around as they were able to. 
the squares bounces from side to side all around the square - without hitting each other.
The two triangles move independently. Whenever they hit the side they bounces back in an angle responding to the angle they hit the side with and then they continue moving. In the end instead of bouncing back they keep moving and disappear from the picture
There were two triangles: big and small. And both of them just bounced from the walls in apparently random pattern. Often it seemed that they have to collide but it never happened eventhough it was really close miss. In the end both triangles just flew out of the sight.
The big red triangle is moving back and forward alongside the diagonal of the space. The small black triangle is moving from one side to another. When it reaches one of the sides it chances direction.
The two triangles were jumping between the four walls of a room, but not in parallel. Once they reached a wall, they bounced back from it. In the end, they crossed two opposite walls.
The triangles move around in the entire space.... Don't know
This is similar to video 2, where it was also harder to see any story behind it. It's just two triangles bouncing from the sides.
The two triangles bounce about in a big square. Each time they hit a wall, they bounce back into a new direction. They never hit each other.
The blue and the red triangle were only able to move with the force and angle that the collision to the wall gave them. They were like two people trying to find each other but always kept away because of the events that happened in their life. They were not able to find each other and when they got tried of trying, they gave up.
The triangles are moving around from one end to another. They're only once in contact. They move both backwards and forwards. I don't see a pattern. 
The triangles has to touch the wall in an special kind of angle to get out of the square. 
The triangles bounce around
they are bouncing randomly around in the square. in the end they disappear from the sqaure 
Both triangles are drifting somewhat randomly around inside this white arena. They are being bounced back whenever they hit the walls of the arena. 
the triangles are bouncing at the walls in diagonal lines through the film. They do not run into eachother but are just moving around until they finally disappears 
The triangles were bouncing from the walls and they just kept moving until the hit the wall again and so on. 
The two triangles (a big red one and a small black one) bounce from wall to wall altering their orientation each time they hit the wall. They are at some points very close to each other and almost colide.
The little and the big triangle are sliding around the square. It looks like they dont control themselves where they are going, they are just being pushed around by the walls. Maybe they are sleeping. 
the two triangles moved randomly in the box. Every time the hit a wall they would change directory until they went out of the screen.
The two triangles were bouncing around the room. Whenever they hit a corner they would change direction according to the angle with which they hit it. The triangles didn't seem to interact in any way, they just slid off when they hit each other.
The two triangles were bouncing around the room. Whenever they hit a corner they would change direction according to the angle with which they hit it. The triangles didn't seem to interact in any way, they just slid off when they hit each other.
In this video the two triangles seem to be floating around in the frame, bouncing off the edges of the screen. Neither triangle seems to control its movement, they both simply float in the direction of the angle in which they hit the corner or edge of the screen. The triangles do not touch or bounce off each other, although they come very close to touching on multiple occasions. At the very end, the triangles surpass the edge of the screen and float out of sight. 
A big red triangle and a small black triangle is bouncing around in the picture. It seems a bit random which directions they bounce every time they hit the "wall" in the picture. In the end both the triangles continues in one bounce and exits the picture. 
Nothing. Triangles moving, bumping into corners that changes their course. 
The triangles are in "screen-saver" mode again
A big red triangle and a small black triange float around inside a square. In the middle there is also an open square. Whenever the triangles hit a side of a square they change direction depending on the angle. The triangles never touch.
The mouse do an alternative 'dancing around the christmas tree'. This consists of basically jumping around the living room, turning themselves around a bit each time they hit the wall. Great fun. 
The mother and child paper planes bounce upon the walls once again, but this time the square/"nest" is in the middle and they also bounce upon this. Sometimes they're close to hitting each other but they never do. It's quite similar to the previous bouncing video as it again looks like the DVD logo screensaver mentioned earlier. 
A large red triangle and a small blue triangle is tumbling around in a square, not banging into each other.
A small black triangle and a big red triangle moves randomly. They can't change direction by themselves, so it's only when they hit the wall, they change direction. In the middle of the space there is a box with an opening, but none of the triangles succeeds in getting inside. The triangles are about to collide several times, but that doesn't happen either. 
Both of the triangles are looking for the entry to the square, but either of them finds it
The red and the blue triangle moves around on the screen in a random pattern. The go one direction until they hit one of the edges, or the box in the middle, and then changes the direction. 
The triangles move around this half-closed square in the middle, but never move inside it. They touch all the sides, when they move around it. 
The cointer is still there. The two triangles are floating around it with a higher speed than usually. Not much is going on until the both of triangles slow down and stops. Here the story stops.
The triangle are bouncing from side to side. between the edges of the frame and the edges of the square in the middle
the triangles where randomly bouncing off the walls of the previous scenary
This video was weird and absurd. It almost seemed like the lost whatever life they had before and just started floating arguing again. 
In this video the triangles just floats around together. In the middle there is an open box. The floating seem random and there is no conscious activity/planned movement going on. In the end of the video they slow down a little.
The same space, as in the previous video. Triangles are randomly moving objects. No human/animal-like behavior.
Both triangles are bouncing around the screen. In this video, there was a square in the middle of the screen, which they also were able to bounce on and from. Neither triangle seemed to have any intentions with their behaviour. Even though they were often close, they did not bump into each other. 
both triangles bounce from both the sides of the large square and the small square in the middle.
Again the triangles move independently and bounces back when they hit the wall. Now the box is there and they also bounce back when hitting this. They never touch each other and they never get into the box. In the end they slow down a little bit. 
There are two triangles: red and blue. They are bouncing from the walls and from the square which is located in the center. They are bouncing around the whole scene and a couple of times they almost crash into each other but this never happens. Also sometimes it looks like one of the triangles will end up inside of the square but they always miss the entrance really closely. Most of the time they seem to be bouncing naturally but then once the blue triangle instead of bouncing straight back, as he should according the laws of physics he bounces to the side so it seems that the triangles can control their movement.
The big and the small triangle are moving around between the sides of the space and the squares in the middle. When they reach the side they chance direction until they get to the side of the square where they chance direction again. They move around in different directions passing by each other.
The little and the big triangle were jumping between the walls of the first room and the walls of the second, bigger room surrounding the smaller one.
The triangles bump about in the space. ...
The triangles are bouncing around, there's no story.
The two triangles bounce about in the big square, around the little house square.
The triangles were hitting the inside walls of the square and the outside walls of the rectangle in the middle of the square. 
The triangles move around the square in floating movements. They are not in contact. 
No, no idea at all... 
The triangles bounce around, this time around the box.
The triangles have no self control and bounce around in the big square 
Now they are just fucking randomly drifting around the small box in the middle. They can't ever fucking touch each other.. sad. 
The two triangles are bouncing into the walls and then against the square in the middle. they are moving in different direction and are not clashing into eachother
The triangles were just bouncing from the walls and they just kept moving. 
The black and red triangle bounces back and forth between the square in the middle and the edge of the screen. They move around the square in the middle in different direction. They never hit each other.
Both the little and the big triangle are sliding around. In the middle is a small scare with an opening in it, but they don't go inside it. It looks like they don't control themselves where they are going, they are just bouncing against the walls. I think they are sleeping. 
the two triangle moved randomly, changed direction every time they met an obstacle.
The triangles were once again bouncing  around the room. Whenever they hit a wall they would change direction according to the angle with which they hit it. 
The triangles were once again bouncing  around the room. Whenever they hit a wall they would change direction according to the angle with which they hit it. 
As in a previous video, the two triangles seem to simply be floating around within the frame of the screen. However, this time, the square cage is also present in the middle of the frame. This means both triangles bounce off a lot more surfaces, simply floating in whatever direction is reactive to the angle they hit the wall or square. They navigate around the outside of the square, never managing to angle a bounce to enter it. Nor do the two triangles touch, although the float very close to each other at times. 
There is an open square in the center of the picture. A big red triangle and a small black triangle bounces around in the picture, outside of the open square. The bouncing seems random and uncontrollable. This continues throughout the video. 